README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/176677387" width="150" height="auto" />
  <h1> 🌟 nRF24 Jammer 🌟 </h1>
</div>

Welcome to the **nRF24 Jammer** repository! 🎉 Dive into the world of RF interference with this unique project based on the ESP32 and NRF24 technology.

## 📚 Table of Contents
- [🚀 What Can You Do with This?](#-what-can-you-do-with-this)
- [📋 List of Components](#-list-of-components)
- [🧑‍🔧 Let's Get Started with Soldering!](#-lets-get-started-with-soldering)
- [📦 Flash Firmware](#-flash-firmware)
- [🤔 How to Use?](#-How-to-Use)
- [🌐 Web Interface](#-Web-Interface)
- [🎉 Final Outcome](#-final-outcome)
- [🌟 Example of Work](#-example-of-work)
- [🙏 Acknowledgments](#-acknowledgments)
- [🗳️ Concept Change Vote](#-concept-change-vote)
- [❤️ Thank You for Your Support!](#-thank-you-for-your-support)
- [🌐 Follow Me for Updates](#-follow-me-for-updates)

-----

## 🚀 What Can You Do with This?
This amazing jammer is built on the **ESP32** architecture integrated with **two NRF24** modules. With its extraordinary capabilities, you can effectively disrupt signals across different technologies including:
- **Bluetooth** 🔊
- **BLE** 📱
- **Drones** 🚁
- **Wi-Fi** 📶
- **Zigbee**📡

-----

## 📋 List of Components
To bring this project to life, you will need the following components:
1. **Two NRF24L01+PA+LNA modules** 🛠️
2. **ESP32 (30 pins)** ⚙️
3. **Two 16V capacitors** rated at **100µF** 🔋
4. **128x32 or 128x64 OLED display** 📺 *(Not required when using the "without OLED" version.)*
5. **Tactile button** 🔘 *(Not required when using the "without OLED" version.)*

-----

## 🧑‍🔧 Let's Get Started with Soldering!
<details>
<summary><strong>With OLED</strong></summary>

<div style="margin-left: 20px;">

### HSPI Connection
| **Pin Name** | **ESP32 GPIO** | **Connection**       |
|--------------|----------------|----------------------|
| VCC          | 3.3V          | (+) capacitor        |
| GND          | GND           | (-) capacitor        |
| CE           | GPIO 16       |                      |
| CSN          | GPIO 15       |                      |
| SCK          | GPIO 14       |                      |
| MOSI         | GPIO 13       |                      |
| MISO         | GPIO 12       |                      |
| IRQ          |                |                      |

### VSPI Connection
| **Pin Name** | **ESP32 GPIO** | **Connection**       |
|--------------|----------------|----------------------|
| VCC          | 3.3V          | (+) capacitor        |
| GND          | GND           | (-) capacitor        |
| CE           | GPIO 22       |                      |
| CSN          | GPIO 21       |                      |
| SCK          | GPIO 18       |                      |
| MOSI         | GPIO 23       |                      |
| MISO         | GPIO 19       |                      |
| IRQ          |                |                      |

### OLED Connection
| **Pin Name** | **ESP32 GPIO** |
|--------------|----------------|
| VCC          | 3.3V          |
| GND          | GND           |
| SCL          | GPIO 22       |
| SDA          | GPIO 21       |

### Button Connection
| **Pin Name** | **ESP32 GPIO** |
|--------------|----------------|
| GND          | GND           |
|              | GPIO 25       |

</div>
</details>
<details>
<summary><strong>Without OLED</strong></summary>

<div style="margin-left: 20px;">

### HSPI Connection
| **Pin Name** | **ESP32 GPIO** | **Connection**       |
|--------------|----------------|----------------------|
| VCC          | 3.3V          | (+) capacitor        |
| GND          | GND           | (-) capacitor        |
| CE           | GPIO 16       |                      |
| CSN          | GPIO 15       |                      |
| SCK          | GPIO 14       |                      |
| MOSI         | GPIO 13       |                      |
| MISO         | GPIO 12       |                      |
| IRQ          |                |                      |

### VSPI Connection
| **Pin Name** | **ESP32 GPIO** | **Connection**       |
|--------------|----------------|----------------------|
| VCC          | 3.3V          | (+) capacitor        |
| GND          | GND           | (-) capacitor        |
| CE           | GPIO 22       |                      |
| CSN          | GPIO 21       |                      |
| SCK          | GPIO 18       |                      |
| MOSI         | GPIO 23       |                      |
| MISO         | GPIO 19       |                      |
| IRQ          |                |                      |

</div>
</details>

-----

## 📦 Flash Firmware
<details>
<summary><strong>Manual Update</strong></summary>

<div style="margin-left: 20px;">

Follow these steps to flash the firmware:
1. Download the firmware from the **releases** section that corresponds to your display.
2. Navigate to **ESPWebTool**: [ESPWebTool](https://esp.huhn.me/)
3. Arrange the files as per the table below:

| **Address** | **File Name**                             |
|-------------|-------------------------------------------|
| 0x1000      | nRF24_jammer_bootloader.bin              |
| 0x8000      | nRF24_jammer_partitions.bin              |
| 0x10000     | nRF24_jammer.bin                          |

4. Click "Flash," and once the installation is complete, **restart your board** and enjoy using your jammer!

![flash](img/flash.jpg)

</div>
</details>
<details>
<summary><strong>OTA upgrade</strong></summary>

<div style="margin-left: 20px;">

### This method can only be used if you have firmware version 1.9 or higher installed.
Follow these steps to flash the firmware:
1. Turn on your device and open a web browser
2. Navigate to the web interface at **192.168.4.1**
3. Click on "**OTA**" and select the file "**nRF24_jammer.bin**" (`⚠️️ make sure not to choose the bootloader or partitions files`).

</div>
</details>

-----

## 🤔 How to Use?
<details>
<summary><strong>General Control</strong></summary>

<div style="margin-left: 20px;">

- **Next Selection**: `Press` the button once to move to the next item.
- **Select Menu Item**: `Press and hold` the button to activate the selected option.

</div>
</details>

<details>
<summary><strong>Misc Jammer Control</strong></summary>

- **Increase by one channel**: `Press` the button once to increase by one channel.
- **Increase channel**: `Hold` the button to increase the channel.
- **Proceed to the next value**: `Double Press` the button to proceed to the next value.

</div>
</details>

-----

## 🌐 Web Interface

- To utilize the web interface, please follow the steps outlined below.
1. activate the **nRF24 jammer**.
2. Connect to the Wi-Fi network named `jammer` using the password `W0rthlessS0ul`.
3. open your web browser and navigate to the IP address `192.168.4.1`.
4. Now you can control your nRF24 jammer through an web interface.

![web_interface](img/web_interface_.jpg)

-----

## 🎉 Final Outcome
![Final Outcome](img/nRF24_jammer.jpg)

### Normal Spectrum
![Normal Spectrum](img/normal_spctr.jpg)

### Bluetooth Jam Spectrum
![Bluetooth Jam Spectrum](img/bluetooth_jam_spctr.jpg)

### Drone Jam Spectrum
![Drone Jam Spectrum](img/drone_jam_spctr.jpg)

### Wi-Fi Jam Spectrum
![Wi-Fi Jam Spectrum](img/wifi_jam_spctr.jpg)

### BLE Jam Spectrum
![BLE Jam Spectrum](img/ble_jam_spctr.jpg)

### Zigbee Jam Spectrum
![Zigbee Jam Spectrum](img/zigbee_jam_spctr.jpg)

-----

## 🌟 Example of Work
- Bluetooth jam

![bluetooth jam](img/bluetooth_jam.mp4)

-----

## 🙏 Acknowledgments
- [smoochiee](https://github.com/smoochiee)

-----

## 🗳️ Concept Change Vote

### **Important Announcement!**

A concept change vote is currently underway for this repository, and we want to hear from you! 🗳️

### **Repository Evolution**
As the repository evolves, we're considering a significant change to its concept. If you have a stake in the repository's direction, we invite you to participate in this vote and share your thoughts on the proposed changes.

### **How to Participate**
To join the discussion and cast your vote, please visit: [**Concept Change Vote Discussion**](https://github.com/W0rthlessS0ul/nRF24_jammer/discussions/12)

### **Your Input Matters**
Your input will help us make informed decisions about the repository's future and ensure it stays aligned with your needs and expectations.

-----

## ❤️ Thank You for Your Support!
If you would like to support this project, please consider starring the repository or following me! If you appreciate the hard work that went into this, buying me a cup of coffee would keep me fueled! ☕ 

**BTC Address:** `bc1qvul4mlxxw5h2hnt8knnxdrxuwgpf4styyk20tm`

**ETH Address:** `0x5c54eAb2acFE1c6C866FB4b050d8B69CfB1138Af`

**LTC Address:** `LbdzCsYbxuD341raar6Cg1yKavaDq7fjuV`

**XRP Address:** `rKLLPzoBGfqY3pAQPwTFPRYaWjpHSwHNDw`

**ADA Address:** `addr1qyz2aku0ucmxqnl60lza23lkx2xha8zmxz9wqxnrtvpjysgy4mdcle3kvp8l5l7964rlvv5d06w9kvy2uqdxxkcryfqs7pajev`

**DOGE Address:** `DBzAvD62yQUkP4Cb7C5LuFYQEierF3D3oG`

Every donation is greatly appreciated and contributes to the ongoing development of this project!

---

## 🌐 Follow Me for Updates
Stay connected to receive the latest updates:

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-W0rthlessS0ul-181717?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/W0rthlessS0ul)

<img src="https://profile-counter.glitch.me/W0rthlessS0ul.nRF24_jammer/count.svg"/>

Commit message:

New Improvements
1. Improved web interface.
2. The error with the OTA update has been fixed.
3. The option to disable the access point has been added. (Thanks to samukas81 for the idea.)

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/176677387" width="150" height="auto" />
  <h1> 🌟 nRF24 Jammer 🌟 </h1>
</div>

Welcome to the **nRF24 Jammer** repository! 🎉 Dive into the world of RF interference with this unique project based on the ESP32 and NRF24 technology.

## 📚 Table of Contents
- [🚀 What Can You Do with This?](#-what-can-you-do-with-this)
- [📋 List of Components](#-list-of-components)
- [🧑‍🔧 Let's Get Started with Soldering!](#-lets-get-started-with-soldering)
- [📦 Flash Firmware](#-flash-firmware)
- [🤔 How to Use?](#-How-to-Use)
- [🌐 Web Interface](#-Web-Interface)
- [🎉 Final Outcome](#-final-outcome)
- [🌟 Example of Work](#-example-of-work)
- [🙏 Acknowledgments](#-acknowledgments)
- [🗳️ Concept Change Vote](#-concept-change-vote)
- [❤️ Thank You for Your Support!](#-thank-you-for-your-support)
- [🌐 Follow Me for Updates](#-follow-me-for-updates)

-----

## 🚀 What Can You Do with This?
This amazing jammer is built on the **ESP32** architecture integrated with **two NRF24** modules. With its extraordinary capabilities, you can effectively disrupt signals across different technologies including:
- **Bluetooth** 🔊
- **BLE** 📱
- **Drones** 🚁
- **Wi-Fi** 📶
- **Zigbee**📡

-----

## 📋 List of Components
To bring this project to life, you will need the following components:
1. **Two NRF24L01+PA+LNA modules** 🛠️
2. **ESP32 (30 pins)** ⚙️
3. **Two 16V capacitors** rated at **100µF** 🔋
4. **128x32 or 128x64 OLED display** 📺 *(Not required when using the "without OLED" version.)*
5. **Tactile button** 🔘 *(Not required when using the "without OLED" version.)*

-----

## 🧑‍🔧 Let's Get Started with Soldering!
<details>
<summary><strong>With OLED</strong></summary>

<div style="margin-left: 20px;">

### HSPI Connection
| **Pin Name** | **ESP32 GPIO** | **Connection**       |
|--------------|----------------|----------------------|
| VCC          | 3.3V          | (+) capacitor        |
| GND          | GND           | (-) capacitor        |
| CE           | GPIO 16       |                      |
| CSN          | GPIO 15       |                      |
| SCK          | GPIO 14       |                      |
| MOSI         | GPIO 13       |                      |
| MISO         | GPIO 12       |                      |
| IRQ          |                |                      |

### VSPI Connection
| **Pin Name** | **ESP32 GPIO** | **Connection**       |
|--------------|----------------|----------------------|
| VCC          | 3.3V          | (+) capacitor        |
| GND          | GND           | (-) capacitor        |
| CE           | GPIO 22       |                      |
| CSN          | GPIO 21       |                      |
| SCK          | GPIO 18       |                      |
| MOSI         | GPIO 23       |                      |
| MISO         | GPIO 19       |                      |
| IRQ          |                |                      |

### OLED Connection
| **Pin Name** | **ESP32 GPIO** |
|--------------|----------------|
| VCC          | 3.3V          |
| GND          | GND           |
| SCL          | GPIO 22       |
| SDA          | GPIO 21       |

### Button Connection
| **Pin Name** | **ESP32 GPIO** |
|--------------|----------------|
| GND          | GND           |
|              | GPIO 25       |

</div>
</details>
<details>
<summary><strong>Without OLED</strong></summary>

<div style="margin-left: 20px;">

### HSPI Connection
| **Pin Name** | **ESP32 GPIO** | **Connection**       |
|--------------|----------------|----------------------|
| VCC          | 3.3V          | (+) capacitor        |
| GND          | GND           | (-) capacitor        |
| CE           | GPIO 16       |                      |
| CSN          | GPIO 15       |                      |
| SCK          | GPIO 14       |                      |
| MOSI         | GPIO 13       |                      |
| MISO         | GPIO 12       |                      |
| IRQ          |                |                      |

### VSPI Connection
| **Pin Name** | **ESP32 GPIO** | **Connection**       |
|--------------|----------------|----------------------|
| VCC          | 3.3V          | (+) capacitor        |
| GND          | GND           | (-) capacitor        |
| CE           | GPIO 22       |                      |
| CSN          | GPIO 21       |                      |
| SCK          | GPIO 18       |                      |
| MOSI         | GPIO 23       |                      |
| MISO         | GPIO 19       |                      |
| IRQ          |                |                      |

</div>
</details>

-----

## 📦 Flash Firmware
<details>
<summary><strong>Manual Update</strong></summary>

<div style="margin-left: 20px;">

Follow these steps to flash the firmware:
1. Download the firmware from the **releases** section that corresponds to your display.
2. Navigate to **ESPWebTool**: [ESPWebTool](https://esp.huhn.me/)
3. Arrange the files as per the table below:

| **Address** | **File Name**                             |
|-------------|-------------------------------------------|
| 0x1000      | nRF24_jammer_bootloader.bin              |
| 0x8000      | nRF24_jammer_partitions.bin              |
| 0x10000     | nRF24_jammer.bin                          |

4. Click "Flash," and once the installation is complete, **restart your board** and enjoy using your jammer!

![flash](img/flash.jpg)

</div>
</details>
<details>
<summary><strong>OTA upgrade</strong></summary>

<div style="margin-left: 20px;">

### This method can only be used if you have firmware version 1.9 or higher installed.
Follow these steps to flash the firmware:
1. Turn on your device and open a web browser
2. Navigate to the web interface at **192.168.4.1**
3. Click on "**OTA**" and select the file "**nRF24_jammer.bin**" (`⚠️️ make sure not to choose the bootloader or partitions files`).

</div>
</details>

-----

## 🤔 How to Use?
<details>
<summary><strong>General Control</strong></summary>

<div style="margin-left: 20px;">

- **Next Selection**: `Press` the button once to move to the next item.
- **Select Menu Item**: `Press and hold` the button to activate the selected option.

</div>
</details>

<details>
<summary><strong>Misc Jammer Control</strong></summary>

- **Increase by one channel**: `Press` the button once to increase by one channel.
- **Increase channel**: `Hold` the button to increase the channel.
- **Proceed to the next value**: `Double Press` the button to proceed to the next value.

</div>
</details>

-----

## 🌐 Web Interface

- To utilize the web interface, please follow the steps outlined below.
1. activate the **nRF24 jammer**.
2. Connect to the Wi-Fi network named `jammer` using the password `W0rthlessS0ul`.
3. open your web browser and navigate to the IP address `192.168.4.1`.
4. Now you can control your nRF24 jammer through an web interface.

![web_interface](img/web_interface_.jpg)

-----

## 🎉 Final Outcome
![Final Outcome](img/nRF24_jammer.jpg)

### Normal Spectrum
![Normal Spectrum](img/normal_spctr.jpg)

### Bluetooth Jam Spectrum
![Bluetooth Jam Spectrum](img/bluetooth_jam_spctr.jpg)

### Drone Jam Spectrum
![Drone Jam Spectrum](img/drone_jam_spctr.jpg)

### Wi-Fi Jam Spectrum
![Wi-Fi Jam Spectrum](img/wifi_jam_spctr.jpg)

### BLE Jam Spectrum
![BLE Jam Spectrum](img/ble_jam_spctr.jpg)

### Zigbee Jam Spectrum
![Zigbee Jam Spectrum](img/zigbee_jam_spctr.jpg)

-----

## 🌟 Example of Work
- Bluetooth jam

![bluetooth jam](img/bluetooth_jam.mp4)

-----

## 🙏 Acknowledgments
- [smoochiee](https://github.com/smoochiee) - **for the main logic of the jammer.**
- [samukas81](https://github.com/samukas81) - **for suggesting ideas.**

-----

## 🗳️ Concept Change Vote

### **Important Announcement!**

A concept change vote is currently underway for this repository, and we want to hear from you! 🗳️

### **Repository Evolution**
As the repository evolves, we're considering a significant change to its concept. If you have a stake in the repository's direction, we invite you to participate in this vote and share your thoughts on the proposed changes.

### **How to Participate**
To join the discussion and cast your vote, please visit: [**Concept Change Vote Discussion**](https://github.com/W0rthlessS0ul/nRF24_jammer/discussions/12)

### **Your Input Matters**
Your input will help us make informed decisions about the repository's future and ensure it stays aligned with your needs and expectations.

-----

## ❤️ Thank You for Your Support!
If you would like to support this project, please consider starring the repository or following me! If you appreciate the hard work that went into this, buying me a cup of coffee would keep me fueled! ☕ 

**BTC Address:** `bc1qvul4mlxxw5h2hnt8knnxdrxuwgpf4styyk20tm`

**ETH Address:** `0x5c54eAb2acFE1c6C866FB4b050d8B69CfB1138Af`

**LTC Address:** `LbdzCsYbxuD341raar6Cg1yKavaDq7fjuV`

**XRP Address:** `rKLLPzoBGfqY3pAQPwTFPRYaWjpHSwHNDw`

**ADA Address:** `addr1qyz2aku0ucmxqnl60lza23lkx2xha8zmxz9wqxnrtvpjysgy4mdcle3kvp8l5l7964rlvv5d06w9kvy2uqdxxkcryfqs7pajev`

**DOGE Address:** `DBzAvD62yQUkP4Cb7C5LuFYQEierF3D3oG`

Every donation is greatly appreciated and contributes to the ongoing development of this project!

---

## 🌐 Follow Me for Updates
Stay connected to receive the latest updates:

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-W0rthlessS0ul-181717?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/W0rthlessS0ul)

<img src="https://profile-counter.glitch.me/W0rthlessS0ul.nRF24_jammer/count.svg"/>
